[Docs] Improve cross links for models `Page`, `Parameter`, `RadioItems`, `RangeSlider`, `Slider`, `Switch` (#1417)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/pages/user-guides/container.md

To add a [`Container`][vizro.models.Container] to your page, do the following:

> 1. Insert the `Container` into the `components` argument of the [`Page`](./pages.md)

Author: ```suggestion
1. Insert the `Container` into the `components` argument of the [`Page`][vizro.models.Page]
```
